Order history, Templating, Payment and Price engine section update (#9)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/price_engine/price_engine_api/price_engine_services/ez5scaledpriceservice.md

# Ez5ScaledPriceService

`Ez5ScaledPriceService` determines the correct price by comparing base price from the price request to the `scaledPrices` array

> stored in extended data (also in `PriceRequest`). The service determines the best price if more scaled prices match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stored in extended data (also in `PriceRequest`). The service determines the best price if there are multiple scaled prices that match.
```

> This data may come from the backend. It is the task of the CatalogFactory to store data in the correct format in the catalog element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This data may come from the backend. The CatalogFactory stores data in the correct format in the catalog element.
```

Scaled prices can be set up per product in the Back Office:

![](../../../img/price_engine_4.png)

|Field|Identifier|Required|Description|Example|
|--- |--- |--- |--- |--- |
|Customer Group|`customerGroup`|no|Code for the customer group|`GROUPA`|
|Minimum Quantity|`minQuantity`|yes|Minimum quantity for the given price. If more than one scaled price entry matches, the latest matching entry is used|`2`|
|Start Date|`startDate`|yes (can be empty)|Start date can be set in two formats (date with and without time). If no time is given, "00:00:00" (hour-minutes-seconds) is used. 2015-06-01 becomes 2015-06-01 00:00:00|`2015-06-01 00:00`|

> |End Date|`endDate`|no|End date can be set in two formats (date with and without time). If no time is given, "23:59:59" (hour-minutes-seconds) is used. 2015-06-01 becomes 2015-06-01 23:59:59|`2015-06-01 22:00`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|End Date|`endDate`|no|End date can be set in two formats (date with and without time). If no time is given, "23:59:59" (hour-minutes-seconds) is used. 2015-06-01 becomes 2015-06-01 23:59:59|`2015-06-01 22:00:00`|
```
